[DR2-99] 2FA cannot be deactivated starting with trench 0.3 (#156)
merixstudio/django-trench: docs/endpoints.rst

MFA method deactivation
***********************

| Deactivates the specified method. Depending on :doc: `settings` sends out an authentication code and requires confirmation.

> | Note: You can deactivate primary mfa method if it's you one and only mfa method. However, you cannot deactivate mfa
> | method that is primary if there are other activate methods. First you should change primary method to other, then
> | deactivate mfa method of your choice.

Reviewer: Just a subtle suggestion 😉 

```suggestion
| Note: You can deactivate a primary  MFA method only if it's the last active method assigned to a user.
| However, you cannot deactivate a primary MFA method if there are other methods active.
| You should change primary method to a different one first, and then deactivate the method.
```
